Add v3 upgrade guide docs (#173)
irisnet/betanet: upgrade/v3.0.0.md

# IRIS Hub Upgrade v3.0.0

## Upgrade Proposal

We are prepared to upgrade the IRIS Hub based upon

- Version: `v3.0.0`
- Commit hash: `TODO`;
- Chain Halt at Block Height: `TODO`;

## Upgrade Process

### 1. Vote

```bash
iris tx gov vote <proposal-id> <yes|no|no_with_veto|abstain> --chain-id irishub-1 --fees 0.3iris --from <MyWallet>
```

### 2. Upgrade Nodes

> If the **Upgrade Proposal** successfully passes, the IRIS Hub will be halted automatically at around UTC `2024-01-08 05:30:00Z`, so we can upgrade all the irishub nodes right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the **Upgrade Proposal** successfully passes, the IRIS Hub will be halted automatically at around UTC `<TBD>`, so we can upgrade all the irishub nodes right away.
```
